<?xml version="1.0"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pu="http://schema.phpunit.de/coverage/1.0" lang="en"><head><title>phpDox - Source of faith.php</title><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../css/style.css" media="screen"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../css/source.css"/><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/></head><body><nav class="topnav"><ul><li><div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div></li><li class="separator"><a href="../../../index.xhtml">Overview</a></li><li class="separator"><a href="../../../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a></li><li><a href="../../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a></li><li class="separator"><a href="../../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a></li></ul></nav><div id="mainstage"><div class="box"><ul class="breadcrumb"><li><a href="../../../index.xhtml">Overview</a></li><li class="separator"><a href="../../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a></li></ul></div><h1>Source of file faith.php</h1><p>
                        Size: 3,527 Bytes - Last Modified: 2016-04-06T16:00:03+02:00</p><section><h2><small>C:/xampp/htdocs/atatusoft/bibleapp/app/en-US/views/about/</small>faith.php</h2><table class="source"><tr><td class="no"><a class="anker" href="#line1">1</a><a class="anker" href="#line2">2</a><a class="anker" href="#line3">3</a><a class="anker" href="#line4">4</a><a class="anker" href="#line5">5</a><a class="anker" href="#line6">6</a><a class="anker" href="#line7">7</a><a class="anker" href="#line8">8</a><a class="anker" href="#line9">9</a><a class="anker" href="#line10">10</a><a class="anker" href="#line11">11</a><a class="anker" href="#line12">12</a><a class="anker" href="#line13">13</a><a class="anker" href="#line14">14</a><a class="anker" href="#line15">15</a><a class="anker" href="#line16">16</a><a class="anker" href="#line17">17</a><a class="anker" href="#line18">18</a><a class="anker" href="#line19">19</a><a class="anker" href="#line20">20</a><a class="anker" href="#line21">21</a><a class="anker" href="#line22">22</a></td><td class="line"><div id="line1"><pre><span class="token T_OPEN_TAG">&lt;?php </span><span class="token T_REQUIRE_ONCE">require_once</span><span class="token T_WHITESPACE"> </span><span class="token T_CONSTANT_ENCAPSED_STRING">"includes/head.php"</span><span class="token T_PHPDOX_SEMICOLON">;</span><span class="token T_WHITESPACE"> </span><span class="token T_CLOSE_TAG">?&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line2"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">&lt;div data-role="page" id="pageone"&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line3"><br/></div><div id="line4"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">  &lt;article&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line5"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">    &lt;p&gt;</span><span class="token T_OPEN_TAG_WITH_ECHO">&lt;?=</span><span class="token T_STRING">SITE_NAME</span><span class="token T_PHPDOX_SEMICOLON">;</span><span class="token T_WHITESPACE"> </span><span class="token T_CLOSE_TAG">?&gt;</span><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML"> is a Christian, mission-centered enterprise, focused on making Scripture freely available on the Web in multiple languages and translations. While committed to excellence in the presentation of Biblical content, it is governed by a set of theological affirmations. This is not intended to restrict use of the site but rather to promote trust in its content.&lt;/p&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line6"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">    &lt;h2&gt;STATEMENT OF FAITH FOR </span><span class="token T_OPEN_TAG_WITH_ECHO">&lt;?=</span><span class="token T_WHITESPACE"> </span><span class="token T_STRING">strtoupper</span><span class="token T_PHPDOX_OPEN_BRACKET">(</span><span class="token T_STRING">SITE_NAME</span><span class="token T_PHPDOX_CLOSE_BRACKET">)</span><span class="token T_PHPDOX_SEMICOLON">;</span><span class="token T_WHITESPACE"> </span><span class="token T_CLOSE_TAG">?&gt;</span><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">&lt;/h2&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line7"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">    &lt;ul&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line8"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">      &lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Doctrine of Scripture.&lt;/strong&gt; The Bible is God&#x2019;s unique revelation to mankind, the inspired, infallible Word of God. As such, it is the supreme and final authority and without error in what it teaches and affirms. No other writings are vested with such divine authority.&lt;/li&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line9"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">      &lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Doctrine of God.&lt;/strong&gt; There is only one true God. He exists eternally as three persons &#x2014; Father, Son, and Holy Spirit &#x2014; each fully God yet each personally distinct from the other. God is the creator of everything.</span></pre></div><div id="line10"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">      Doctrine of Sin. Everyone, regardless of race, gender, social class, or intellectual ability, is created in God&#x2019;s image and for communion with God. But because of sin, that communion was broken and all of humanity was separated from God, the source of all life. Because of the fall, everyone deserves God&#x2019;s judgment.&lt;/li&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line11"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">      &lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Doctrine of Salvation.&lt;/strong&gt; Jesus Christ is the Way, the Truth, and the Life, and God gives salvation and eternal life to those who trust in him. Salvation cannot be earned through personal goodness or human effort. It is a gift that is received by repentance and faith in Christ and his death on the cross and resurrection from the grave.&lt;/li&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line12"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">      &lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Doctrine of Christ.&lt;/strong&gt; Jesus Christ, the second Person of the Trinity, was conceived by the Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary &#x2014; he was God in human flesh. He lived a sinless human life, yet willingly took upon himself our sins by dying in our place and on our behalf. He rose bodily, victorious over death. He ascended to Heaven and is at the right hand of the Father as the believer&#x2019;s advocate and mediator. Some day, he will return to consummate history and to fulfill the eternal plan of God.&lt;/li&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line13"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">      &lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Doctrine of the Holy Spirit.&lt;/strong&gt; The Holy Spirit, the third Person of the Trinity, convicts the world of sin and gives new life to those who trust in Jesus. He indwells all believers and is available to empower them to lead Christ-like lives. The Spirit gives them spiritual gifts with which to serve fellow believers and reach out to a lost and needy world.&lt;/li&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line14"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">      &lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Doctrine of Judgment.&lt;/strong&gt; At the final judgment, unbelievers will be separated from God into condemnation. Believers will be received into God&#x2019;s loving presence.&lt;/li&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line15"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">      &lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Doctrine of the Church.&lt;/strong&gt; All believers are members of the body of Christ, the one true church universal. Spiritual unity is to be expressed among Christians by acceptance and love of one another across ethnic, cultural, socio-economic, national, generational, gender, and denominational lines. The local church is a group of believers who gather for worship, prayer, instruction, encouragement, mutual accountability, community with each other, and as a witness to the world.&lt;/li&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line16"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">    &lt;/ul&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line17"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">  &lt;/article&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line18"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">  &lt;aside&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line19"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">    </span></pre></div><div id="line20"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">  &lt;/aside&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line21"><pre><span class="token T_INLINE_HTML">&lt;/div&gt;</span></pre></div><div id="line22"><pre><span class="token T_OPEN_TAG">&lt;?php </span><span class="token T_REQUIRE_ONCE">require_once</span><span class="token T_WHITESPACE"> </span><span class="token T_CONSTANT_ENCAPSED_STRING">"includes/foot.php"</span><span class="token T_PHPDOX_SEMICOLON">;</span><span class="token T_WHITESPACE"> </span><span class="token T_CLOSE_TAG">?&gt;</span></pre></div></td></tr></table></section></div><footer><span>Generated using phpDox 0.8.0 - Copyright (C) 2010 - 2016 by Arne Blankerts</span></footer></body></html>
